 Java

	Java is a multi-platform language that is especially useful in networking. The most famous usage of Java is on the web, with Java applets, but Java is also used to build cross-platform programs that stand alone. Java offers the advantages provided by object-oriented programming, such as reusability; on the other hand, it can be difficult to write highly efficient code in Java, its primary user interface, is notoriously slow. Nevertheless, Java has increased in speed in recent years.



 C

	C was initially used for system development work, in particular the programs that make-up the operating system. C was adopted as a system development language because it produces code that runs nearly as fast as code written in assembly language. C is a popular language, especially in game programming, because it doesn't have the extra packaging of the object-oriented C++. Programmers use C because it makes programs slightly faster and smaller than programs written in C++.



 C++

	C++ is a general-purpose programming language developed by Bjarne Stroustrup, and is an extension of C language. It has imperative, object-oriented and generic programming features, while also providing the facilities for low-level memory manipulation.C++ is one of the most popular languages primarily utilized with system/application software, drivers, client-server applications and embedded firmware.



 C#
	
	C# is an elegant and type-safe object-oriented language that enables developers to build a variety of secure and robust applications that run on the .NET Framework. You can use C# to create Windows client applications, XML Web services, distributed components, client-server applications, database applications, and much, much more. Visual C# provides an advanced code editor, convenient user interface designers, integrated debugger, and many other tools to make it easier to develop applications based on the C# language and the .NET Framework.



 Python

	Python is a widely used general-purpose, high-level programming language. Its design philosophy emphasizes code readability, and its syntax allows programmers to express concepts in fewer lines of code than would be possible in languages such as C++ or Java. The language provides constructs intended to enable clear programs on both a small and large scale. Python supports multiple programming paradigms, including object-oriented, imperative and functional programming or procedural styles.


 JavaScript

	JavaScript is a dynamic computer programming language. It is most commonly used as part of web browsers, whose implementations allow client-side scripts to interact with the user, control the browser, communicate asynchronously, and alter the document content that is displayed. It is also used in server-side network programming with runtime environments such as Node.js, game development and the creation of desktop and mobile applications.